# Obsidian Study pt.2
## When to use #Obsidian/Hashatag?
-> When you want to categorize a particular topic, but you dont necessarily know what the structure of that topic is.
	Hashtags are purely a searchability thing.
Use hashtag as categories that are meaningful to you. Have an intention when you create a hashtag, cause that must be something that you´ll be thinking about when you´ll be searching for some particular concept.
When youre writing hashtags, youre thinking about yourself searching for this potential thing in the future
	Categories **with intent**

## When to use #Obsidian/Link?
A link is a separate node that youve created and you can see what links to that node and create something that´s a bit more structured.
Quando eu crio um link, eu não preciso, necessariamente destrinchar o node daquele link imediatamente, eu posso apenas criar sabendo que no futuro eu posso voltar para aquele topic, já que ele é importante. Eu crio o link pensando muito no que tende a vir também.
	Topics, concepts, research articles...
Sometimes, he uses full phrases as lnks, so that he can summarize  acertain thought or topic and add it into his distilled notes.

## #ToNote
Notes that i feel like need to be made into a proper note somehow, but i havent had the time or thought to do it. Its almost like a to do list system.

## #ToDo
When you need to do something.

Crie um resumo do conteúdo acima em português

> [!failure]- Failure 
>   Error: The model: `gpt-4` does not exist
>  

> [!failure]- Failure 
>   Error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing det  ails.
>  
